I always feel that Mr. Zhang misunderstood something
Although I have seen the bracelet he is looking for
But that bracelet is not mine.
I think I have to explain it to him.
Good wife
Don't worry.
Wait until Mr. Zhang wakes up, okay?
Yeah, OK.
Can't answer the phone
I'm going out to answer the phone
Phone? I never called you.
Said big brother is not good
Your third wife is in trouble
Quick rescue
The third wife listened to the black panther kneeling gang
Don't you have a third wife named Shen Yiyi?
Don't talk nonsense, bro
Don't lose these details
Our wife is waiting for you to save her. Okay.
Send me your address and I'll be there soon.
Wife, I'm going to save the third wife, I'll be back soon
Third wife, you have a third wife
This is the damn Xingtian Panther
The third wife of Xing Tianbao
I'll be back soon
Then I will pay it back.
But now I can't come up with that much at once
I'm not here to ask for money
It's not for money, it's
I asked you where are the pawn shop transaction records?